[docs] Updated README (versioning) (#6395)
ToolJet/ToolJet: docs/README.md

  <h1 align="center">ToolJet Documentation</h1>
</p>

> This directory(tooljet/docs/) contains the ToolJet documentation website code and markdown source files for [docs.tooljet.com](https://docs.tooljet.com)

Reviewer: Can it be rephrased to?

The directory "ToolJet/docs/" holds the code and markdown source files for the ToolJet documentation website, which is accessible at [docs.tooljet.com](docs.tooljet.com)

> This directory(tooljet/docs/) contains the ToolJet documentation website code and markdown source files for [docs.tooljet.com](https://docs.tooljet.com)

Author: ```suggestion
The directory "ToolJet/docs/" holds the code and markdown source files for the ToolJet documentation website, which is accessible at [docs.tooljet.com](docs.tooljet.com)
```

- [Local setup](#local-setup)

## Feedback

> If you would like to provide feedback on the documentation, feel free to join our [Slack Community](https://tooljet.com/slack) and send us a message.

Reviewer: Seems like we have a series of senescences starting with "If", can it be rephrased to?

> We welcome your valuable feedback on the documentation! Please feel free to join our [Community on Slack](https://tooljet.com/slack) and send us a message. We would be delighted to hear from you and assist you with any queries or concerns you may have.

> If you would like to provide feedback on the documentation, feel free to join our [Slack Community](https://tooljet.com/slack) and send us a message.

Author: ```suggestion
We welcome your valuable feedback on the documentation! Please feel free to join our [Community on Slack](https://tooljet.com/slack) and send us a message. We would be delighted to hear from you and assist you with any queries or concerns you may have. 
```

## Documentation Issues

> If you encounter any issues with the documentation or have a feature request related to it, you can create a new [GitHub issue](https://github.com/ToolJet/ToolJet/issues/new?assignees=&labels=documentation&template=03_documentation_report.yml&title=%5Bdocs%5D%3A+) using the provided template. Please ensure that you check for existing issues before creating a new one.

Reviewer: If you come across any issues with the documentation or have a feature request related explicitly to it, we encourage you to create a new [GitHub issue](https://github.com/ToolJet/ToolJet/issues/new?assignees=&labels=documentation&template=03_documentation_report.yml&title=%5Bdocs%5D%3A+) following the template. Before creating a new issue, we kindly request that you check for existing issues to avoid duplication.

> If you encounter any issues with the documentation or have a feature request related to it, you can create a new [GitHub issue](https://github.com/ToolJet/ToolJet/issues/new?assignees=&labels=documentation&template=03_documentation_report.yml&title=%5Bdocs%5D%3A+) using the provided template. Please ensure that you check for existing issues before creating a new one.

Author: ```suggestion
If you come across any issues with the documentation or have a feature request related explicitly to it, we encourage you to create a new [GitHub issue](https://github.com/ToolJet/ToolJet/issues/new?assignees=&labels=documentation&template=03_documentation_report.yml&title=%5Bdocs%5D%3A+) following the template. Before creating a new issue, we kindly request that you check for existing issues to avoid duplication. 
```

> If you think the issue is with the ToolJet product itself, please choose the relevant issue template [here](https://github.com/ToolJet/ToolJet/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: In case you encounter any issues with the ToolJet product, please select the relevant issue template from [here](https://github.com/ToolJet/ToolJet/issues/new/choose).

> If you think the issue is with the ToolJet product itself, please choose the relevant issue template [here](https://github.com/ToolJet/ToolJet/issues/new/choose).

Author: ```suggestion
In case you encounter any issues with the ToolJet product, please select the relevant issue template from [here](https://github.com/ToolJet/ToolJet/issues/new/choose).
```

├── versioned_docs
│   ├── version-x.x.x    # Current/latest version (set it on docusauras.config.js)
│   │   ├── Enterprise
│   │   │   └── multi-environment.md   # https://docs.tooljet.com/docs/Enterprise/multi-environment
│   │   └── tooljet-database.md.       # https://docs.tooljet.com/docs/tooljet-database
│   └── version-2.0.0
│   │   ├── Enterprise
│   │   │   └── multi-environment.md   # https://docs.tooljet.com/docs/2.0.0/Enterprise/multi-environment
│   │   └── tooljet-database.md
│   └── version-1.0.0
│       ├── Enterprise
│       │   └── multi-environment.md   # https://docs.tooljet.com/docs/1.0.0/Enterprise/multi-environment
│       └── tooljet-database.md
├── versioned_sidebars                 # includes sidebar for the specific versions
│   ├── version-x.x.x-sidebars.json    
│   └── version-1.0.0-sidebars.json
└── src
│   └── img                           # contains folders that references the images (such as screenshots) used in the \docs\topic
├── docusaurus.config.js
└── package.json
```

`\src` - contains the ToolJet documentation website code. The documentation website is built using [Docusaurus 2](https://docusaurus.io/).

> `tooljet\docs\docs\` - This is the base directory and any changes in this directory will reflect on the `next` version the docs. Each of the folders inside it contains markdown files for the corresponding content. 

Reviewer: This directory serves as the base directory for the documentation. Any modifications made within this directory will be reflected in the next version of the documentation. Each folder inside this directory corresponds to specific content and contains markdown files related to that content.

> `tooljet\docs\docs\` - This is the base directory and any changes in this directory will reflect on the `next` version the docs. Each of the folders inside it contains markdown files for the corresponding content. 

Author: ```suggestion
`tooljet\docs\docs\` - This directory serves as the base directory for the documentation. Any modifications made within this directory will be reflected in the next version of the documentation. Each folder inside this directory corresponds to specific content and contains markdown files related to that content.
```
